we can also allow him to try and escape
from the locks so for instance as he's
goes to get out of a lock he puts
himself into the next lock which puts
himself into the next lock and the next
one and the next one out of it so I've
got a fluid way of using it as a
sensitivity type training as however he
goes to get out of it he's actually
trying to get out so as you can see it
becomes more intuitive so how do they in
so the idea of that when he makes his
attack in wedge strike however now we're
even pushing bodies as we're moving so
the idea of the wage the spiral the turn
there might be even from here as he goes
to get out we now change it he goes to
throw me that puts him into this one
so if it comes from an attack we can
move from the wedge spiral into striking
interlocking into controlling it gives
that bit we can then go to to clinch
work we can go to the throwing we can go
down onto ground work we can then step
away and we can take it as stand up as
boxing and fighting and so on so we've
got all ranges or distances but still
the same eight principles the same ideas
apply